So in terms of implementing screenshots there's a Web site called mockuphone.com that allows
you to essentially drag and drop your screenshot designs into a phone mockup so that way your app looks
like it's actually in use and makes it look a lot nicer and more professional on the app stores.
Another really great free toolkit that I like is something called launchkit.io and they have a
screenshot builder that allows you to upload a screenshot and they will put the iPhone or Android phone
frame around it and then allows you to change the background image or background color and put a little
bit of text above or below the design.
And it's a really simple easy way of creating your screenshots with not a lot of effort. And once you're
done designing all the screenshots,
when you download it gives you all of the Android images in all of the different sizes, all of the
iOS images of a different phone mockups.
So if somebody is looking at the App Store on a iPhone 5, you'll actually have an image with the iPhone
5 frame around your screenshot.
And they also do ones for Apple Watch as well. So it's really really nice and easy and definitely recommended.
So check out some of those services
and again remember to split test your designs to let the users decide which designs are the best.